User Story / Gameplay
    Describe the gameplay
        There will be two paddles that reflect the pong back and forth.
    What are the conditions when the game begins?
        The pong will be randomized to go either left or right when the game begins.
    Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
        The game will end after one player earns 5 points.
    What ifs will there be?
        If the random number generator produces 0 or 1, it will move left or right, respectively.
        If the either of the scores reach 5 first, that player will win the game.

Visual Game Components:
    What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
        There will be 2 paddles and one ball/pong.
    Which will be static? (the board)
        The board will not be moving.
    Which will be animated? (the box)
        The pong and the paddles will move.
        The paddles will move in the Y-direction only.
    What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
        I will need a position and speed variable for each paddle and the pong. Also, a function to register keys so the paddles will move and stop moving.

Events / Logic
    What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
        Some events that will occur are the paddles move up and down with accordance to the keys pressed.
    How do those events affect the data of the program?
        These events affect the position of the paddles.
    For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
        There will be 2 variables that will assign the directions to each key for each paddle. Then, there will be a function to tell when a key has been pressed and unpressed, both would cause the paddles to move and stop moving respectively.